Bug-1951166 `page_action` support in `menus` API for MV3 release note (#38674)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - Support provided for `page_action` as a {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.ContextType")}} in the {{WebExtAPIRef("menus")}} API for Manifest V3 extensions. This enables Manifest V3 extensions to make full use of `page_action`. ([Firefox bug 1951166](https://bugzil.la/1951166))

Reviewer: "This enables Manifest V3 extensions to make full use of `page_action`" is overselling the change. How about something like this:

```suggestion
- Support provided for `page_action` as a {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.ContextType")}} in the {{WebExtAPIRef("menus")}} API for Manifest V3 extensions. This enables Manifest V3 extensions to add menu items to `page_action`, which was already possible in Manifest V2. ([Firefox bug 1951166](https://bugzil.la/1951166))
```
